docs: add ESM usage example in Getting Started (#5294)
fastify/fastify: docs/Guides/Getting-Started.md

})
```

> >If you're using ECMAScript Modules (ESM) in your project, ensure to

Reviewer: ```suggestion
> If you are using ECMAScript Modules (ESM) in your project, be sure to
```
